DOCS-5533 Exchange information in ACM (#106)
mulesoft/docs-api-community-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/acm-lightning-components.adoc

> 

Reviewer: GREEN TEXT ONLY

The API Card component shows information about an API, including icon, name, and description.

> Data shown from Anypoint Platform: API icon, name, and description from xref:exchange::index.adoc[Anypoint Exchange].

Reviewer: For parallelism with prev. sentence...:
```suggestion
Anypoint Platform shows the API icon, name, and description from xref:exchange::index.adoc[Anypoint Exchange].
```

Author: You're right, that's better. Updated throughout.

> 

Reviewer 2: Reading this again made me realize that the Icon, name and description come from the API publication config in ACM (done in the ACM control panel when publishing an API). I suggest we remove the "data shown from Anypoint Platform line" and say something like this instead:

"The API icon, name and description shown in this component are the ones defined when the API version was added to the community in ACM control panel" (and link to the section where API publishing/editing is described.

Author: Updated.

The API Carousel component shows a horizontally scrollable set of API cards.

> Data shown from Anypoint Platform: API icon, name, and description from xref:exchange::index.adoc[Anypoint Exchange].

Reviewer: ditto

Author: Updated throughout.

> 

Reviewer 2: Reading this again made me realize that the Icon, name and description come from the API publication config in ACM (done in the ACM control panel when publishing an API). I suggest we remove the "data shown from Anypoint Platform line" and say something like this instead:

"The API icon, name and description shown in this component are the ones defined when the API version was added to the community in ACM control panel" (and link to the section where API publishing/editing is described.

Author: Updated.

Console components include API Console, API Console Documentation, API Console Instances, API Console Navigation, and API Console Request Panel. In Community Builder, you can add multiple console components to the same page. Changes to a console component are visible in all other console components on that page that display the same API. For example, selecting the *Summary* tab in an API Console results in *Summary* tab selection in all API Consoles on the same page that display the same API.

> Data shown from Anypoint Platform: API instances and documentation from xref:exchange::index.adoc[Anypoint Exchange].

Reviewer: ditto

Author: Updated throughout.

> Data shown from Anypoint Platform: API instances and documentation from the AML Modeling Framework (AMF). AML is the Anything Modeling Language.

Reviewer 2: THis should say the Anypoint component known by the user/admin where the data comes from. Where do this info comes from, ultimately from the visible product set? is it from API Manager? Exchange? these are the component names we should use, as other things like AML or AMF are not visibile or understandable for the users.

Reviewer 2: Confirmed with eng: information in the Console comes from Anypoint Exchange

Author: Updated.

== API Console Documentation

The API Console Documentation component shows the documentation about an API.

> Data shown from Anypoint Platform: API documentation from Anypoint Exchange.

Reviewer 2: add link to exchange docs homepage

Author: Done.

> Data shown from Anypoint Platform: API documentation from xref:exchange::index.adoc[Anypoint Exchange].

Reviewer: ditto

Author: Updated throughout.

== API Console Instances

The API Console Instances component shows the list of instances of an API, also known as endpoints.

> Data shown from Anypoint Platform: API instances from Anypoint API Manager.

Reviewer 2: add link to APIManager docs homepage

Author: Done.

> Data shown from Anypoint Platform: API instances from xref:api-manager::index.adoc[Anypoint API Manager].

Reviewer: ditto

Reviewer: GLOBAL: I will stop marking this particular suggestion. Please apply throughout.

Author: Updated throughout.

The API Console Navigation component shows the API console component's navigation.

> Data shown from Anypoint Platform: API instances and documentation from the AML Modeling Framework (AMF). AML is the Anything Modeling Language.

Reviewer 2: see comment above regarding AML and product names

Reviewer 2: Confirmed with eng: information in the Console comes from Anypoint Exchange

Author: Updated.

The API Console Request Panel component shows a panel where users can test an API by making requests to it.

> Data shown from Anypoint Platform: API instances from Anypoint API Manager.

Reviewer 2: add link to API Manager docs homepage

Author: Done.

The API Documentation Viewer component shows an API's documentation. The documentation can have multiple pages, and each page can have multiple sections.

> Data shown from Anypoint Platform: API documentation from Anypoint Exchange.

Reviewer 2: Add link to Exchange docs homepage

Author: Done.

The API Header component displays the API header, including icon, name, and description.

> Data shown from Anypoint Platform: API icon, name, and description from Anypoint Exchange.

Reviewer 2: Add link to Exchange docs homepage

Author: Done.

> Data shown from Anypoint Platform: API icon, name, and description from xref:exchange::index.adoc[Anypoint Exchange].

Reviewer 2: Reading this again made me realize that the Icon, name and description come from the API publication config in ACM (done in the ACM control panel when publishing an API). I suggest we remove the "data shown from Anypoint Platform line" and say something like this instead:

"The API icon, name and description shown in this component are the ones defined when the API version was added to the community in ACM control panel" (and link to the section where API publishing/editing is described.

Author: I agree, that's better. Updated.

The Application Analytics Graph component displays statistics about the use of an application, such as traffic, response time, and application health.

> Data shown from Anypoint Platform: Application statistics from Anypoint API Manager.

Reviewer 2: Add link to API Manager docs homepage
Double check if this comes from API Manager or Monitoring center

Author: Link added. Still need to double check if this comes from API Manager or Monitoring center.

Author: Jesus confirmed today this is API Manager.

The Application Details component displays details about an application.

> Data shown from Anypoint Platform: Application description, application URL, redirect URIs, client ID, and client secret from Anypoint Exchange.

Reviewer 2: Add link to Exchange docs homepage

Author: Done.

> Data shown from Anypoint Platform: Application description, application URL, redirect URIs, client ID, and client secret from xref:exchange::index.adoc[Anypoint Exchange].

Reviewer 2: This should be API Manager

Author: Fixed.

The Application Listing component shows applications that use an API.

> Data shown from Anypoint Platform: Application name, client ID, and client secret from Anypoint Exchange.

Reviewer 2: This shouldn't be API Manager?

Reviewer 2: Confirmed with eng: information in My Applications list comes from API Manager

Author: Updated.
